README.md, before:

# Infoes
Infoes is a GUI client application that aims to get events into one timeline. So you see new RSS feeds alongside new Tweets. The name is intended to be little mixture of Information and Shoes (the GUI toolkit which this is build with) - so it's called Infoes!

# Attention! Under development
infoes is totally under development and not even nearly ready to being used and I would strongly discourage from using it just now. However come and check back later!

# Anyway: How to run this thing?
Well you need shoes.. no not the ones on your feet. You need [shoes] (http://shoesrb.com/), you can go ahead and [download] (http://shoesrb.com/downloads "Download shoes") it, however is done using shoes right from the [github repo] (https://github.com/shoes/shoes). Than simply open infoes.rb with shoes.
A packaged version, which you can just run, will be available once this is in a releasable state.

# Know other cool services?
For now just support for RSS-Feeds and Twitter is planned (maybe Facebook) - but maybe I'll expand. If you got ideas please drop me a message or open an issue!

Commit message:

Added information about green shoes to the readme

README.md, after:

# Infoes
Infoes is a GUI client application that aims to get events into one timeline. So you see new RSS feeds alongside new Tweets. The name is intended to be little mixture of Information and Shoes (the GUI toolkit which this is build with) - so it's called Infoes!

# Attention! Under development
infoes is totally under development and not even nearly ready to being used and I would strongly discourage from using it just now. However come and check back later!

# Anyway: How to run this thing?
Well you need shoes.. no not the ones on your feet. You need [shoes] (http://shoesrb.com/), you can go ahead and [download] (http://shoesrb.com/downloads "Download shoes") it, however is done using shoes right from the [github repo] (https://github.com/shoes/shoes). Than simply open infoes.rb with shoes.
A packaged version, which you can just run, will be available once this is in a releasable state. Or you could...

# Use green shoes
Green Shoes is a pure ruby implementation of the Shoes interface. Infoes is primarily developed with red shoes, however if you want to go ahead and run it on green shoes, go ahead!

    bundle install
    ruby create_greenfoes.rb
    ruby greenfoes.rb

# Know other cool services?
For now just support for RSS-Feeds and Twitter is planned (maybe Facebook) - but maybe I'll expand. If you got ideas please drop me a message or open an issue!
